[Music]
good morning wife
this is gray look out your window why
you know I'm taking you away for the
weekend I just can't believe this is my
life
that I get to live with you
measures her
that meant nothing to me before you had
a great office we wanted to welcome the
new fiction editor I bought it for us I
should have asked you first
oh my god Christian this is Jim Matteo
the architect this location is perfect
I'm going to build you a fabulous house
please stop speaking of my husband as if
I weren't here Anna you may call me mrs.
grey I'll pick you up the fire I may not
be done bye-bye
program follows
how the hell are you Anna
Jack what you want
so you want to play yes sir
I made a vow to love you faithfully
forsaking all others did you sleep with
her to comfort you in times of need and
to keep you safe first long as we both
shall live
I solemnly vow to love you faithfully
forsaking all others
I promise to trust and respect you
and to keep you safe first long as we
both shall live
all that I have there's no yours
[Music]
you own this we